Add file size assertion example (#3148)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/contributing/nf-test/assertions.md

Therefore, by excluding directories, you do not get an accidental 'double' listing of files you wish to exclude.
:::

### Snapshotting variable binary files with file size

_Context_: You have a tool that always produces a binary file that cannot be asserted for valid contents such as a string.

_Motivation_: You want to be able to still check that the binary file contains 'something' rather than just the existence of the file.

> ```nextflow
> file("$outputDir/malt/malt_index/ref.idx").length() >= 61616,
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
To compare an exact file size (in bytes)

```nextflow
"malt/malt_index/ref.idx - correct file size: ${file("$outputDir/malt/malt_index/ref.idx").length()}",
```
To check for a minimum size (in bytes)

```nextflow
"malt/malt_index/ref.idx - minimum file size: ${file("$outputDir/malt/malt_index/ref.idx").length() >= 61616}",
```
```

_Explanation_: When you have a binary file that can have variable contents, you cannot check an md5sum (variability) the contents for plain text strings (as it's a binary file).

While you could check simply for the existence of a file, it maybe some tools can produce binary files that have 'insufficent' contents for it to work.

> If you know that your tool produces a binary file _size_ that is stable (despite variability), or you know that a 'working' binary file exceeds a particular size, you can use the file size (in bytes) to assert the file is 'valid'.

Reviewer: Could you show snapshotting the exact file size as well compared to file being larger than a specific size.
Also how do you estimate the size?

Author: Done @maxulysse !

Therefore, by excluding directories, you do not get an accidental 'double' listing of files you wish to exclude.
:::

### Snapshotting variable binary files with file size

_Context_: You have a tool that always produces a binary file that cannot be asserted for valid contents such as a string.

_Motivation_: You want to be able to still check that the binary file contains 'something' rather than just the existence of the file.

To compare an exact file size (in bytes)

```nextflow
"malt/malt_index/ref.idx - correct file size: ${file("$outputDir/malt/malt_index/ref.idx").length()}",
```

To check for a minimum size (in bytes)

```nextflow
"malt/malt_index/ref.idx - minimum file size: ${file("$outputDir/malt/malt_index/ref.idx").length() >= 61616}",
```

> _Explanation_: When you have a binary file that can have variable contents, you cannot check an md5sum (variability) the contents for plain text strings (as it's a binary file).

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence is worded a bit weirdly and I'm not sure what you actuallly mean by it...

> _Explanation_: When you have a binary file that can have variable contents, you cannot check an md5sum (variability) the contents for plain text strings (as it's a binary file).

Author: ```suggestion
_Explanation_: When you have a binary file that can have variable contents, you cannot use a md5sum, as the md5sum hash will be different each time. Then, as it is a binary file, you cannot easily search for plain text strings to check that the specific string is present in the file.
```

Reviewer 2: Perfect! Thank you!

> While you could check simply for the existence of a file, it maybe some tools can produce binary files that have 'insufficent' contents for it to work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While you could check simply for the existence of a file, it may be that some tools can produce binary files that have 'insufficent' contents for it to work.
```
